alone in everything can in nothing find its counterpart. Wherefore your
thing or another, I will make a gift to you of my present and of all

Messer Tommaso, with the words: "I believe _I should instantly fall
   "Se vint' e pres' i' debb' esser beato,
    (_J. A. Symonds_.)
     The flames of holy worship, nor denies
     My heart's loved lord to me desertless given."[ 5 ]
is to overlook the relativity of the term. As compared with a youth of
aptly pointed out, Byron in his swan-song uses expressions about
     Bare ruin'd choirs, where late the sweet birds sang."
       Are mine alone."
     Consum'd with that which it was nourish'd by."
       _A funeral pile_"
They are a funeral pile, says Byron.
In short, the elements of temporary fashion and convention which appear
though less excessive, yearning to be loved.
and all the temptations that follow in their train--all these habits
had no civic status. Hence his complaint, in Sonnet xxix., of being "in
     Nor thou with public kindness honour me,


     These blenches gave my heart another youth,
    "Thence comes it that my name receives a brand;
classes, if we would understand the high pressure of Shakespeare's
condemned to seek the applause of the multitude alone, but could win
than mere friendship; and Shakespeare must thus have felt doubly
but an erotic fervour such as we never find in our century manifested
"clasp in his yearning arms his heart's loved lord." Or observe such a
rather forget the food on which I live, which wretchedly sustains the
on the part of the elder friend towards the younger, which, in these
In Sonnet lviii. he speaks of "that God who made me first your slave."
     Nor dare I chide the world-without-end hour,
     Save, where you are how happy you make those."
    "And though they be outstripp'd by every pen,
faithlessness. In Sonnet lxxxviii.:--
Sonnet lxxxix. is still more strongly worded:--
     Thy sweet-beloved name no more shall dwell,
we come upon a forcible expression of self-love; but it does not extend
and it is simply as records of his friend's beauty and amiability that
